It was only after she made the jump that the voice of 
reason decided to speak up. "Pardon me" it said "but 
you don't actually know how to operate a hang-glider". 
It didn't matter though, because that voice was being 
dwarfed by the one yelling "Faster, faster he's getting 
away!"

She couldn't begin to imagine what had made Despereaux 
decide to make good his escape via hang-glider, but he 
had always had a flair for the dramatic. There was 
hardly any time to think about that now as she followed 
him weaving his way through the cliff system. She was 
just close enough to make out the backpack she 
suspected was his bug-out-bag, but might also contain 
the loot from his most recent heist. She didn't dare 
get any closer, partly because she was already doing 
everything she could to stay in the air, and partly 
because she was worried they crash into each other and 
both die in the river below. All she had to do was keep 
him in sight and not die, she could worry about the 
take-down when they were both back on solid ground.

Despereaux banked hard to the right to avoid an 
outcropping on the left cliff, and Helen followed suit 
at a more lea-surly angle having the benefit of adding 
his own reaction time to her own. After completing the 
turn he did his best to check her progress on him, but 
the harness that held him in didn't turn like that, and 
when he tried his glider went off-course. He was 
startled and turned himself back on course, still not 
knowing how close she was. At least she would have the 
element of surprise until they landed.

Up ahead there was a split in the canyon where a 
slightly smaller tributary merged with the main river. 
Despereaux seemed to aim for neither until the very 
last moment when he veered hard into the main canyon, 
clearly hoping Helen was close enough that she wouldn't 
be able to react in time and go down the wrong way, or 
worse. Thankfully though he hadn't accounted for her 
incompetence and from her relatively distance place she 
had just enough time to make the turn, even slightly 
closing the gap in the process.
 
She could see him more clearly now that she was 
closer, the ridiculous tailcoat he insisted on wearing 
all the time as his "signature" flapping madly in the 
wind. She could also more clearly make out the outline 
of his pack, and could see not that it didn't have the 
rectangular outline she had feared it would. Good, he 
didn't have the Vermeer with him, so there was no 
chance of it being damaged in a potential hard 
landing. Although if the landing was hard enough to 
hurt the PIOLET it was unlikely ANYONE would see their 
stolen goods again, god only knew who he had sold all 
the things off to and Helen doubted there would be a 
paper trail to follow.
 
The cliffs on each side started to widen and lower 
now, until the two were up above the gusty wind system 
of the canyon where the wide open landscape made for 
much stronger winds that started to blow them off 
course. Helen did her best to keep on course with him. 
If he got out of her view for even a minute then he 
would pull one of his famous vanishing acts and she's 
never see a cent of that sizeable bounty.
 
As the wind blew them off-course they also lost 
altitude until soon they were skimming the tops of 
hills by only about 20 feet. Eventually Despereaux 
managed to get low and slow enough to reach out and 
start running along. He did this until it slowed down 
to a brisk jog, then unhooked himself from the harness 
and sprinted away.
 
Fortunately for Helen she still had some altitude at 
this point and was able to easily glide along behind 
him as he ran desperately to and fro to try to lose 
her. By the time she was low enough to land (not so 
gracefully as he, she came in too fast and rolled a 
few time after loosing her footing) Despereaux was 
already tired, and easily chased down.
 
When she finally dove for his legs and brought him to 
the ground with a gratifying "Oomph!" She took great 
pleasure in roughly applying her handcuffs before 
rolling him over to see that smug smile whipped off 
his face.
 
The face she saw certainly wasn't smug or smiling, but 
it also didn't belong to Despereaux.
 
"How!" she managed to pant out to her sheepish quarry.
 
"He... said to... read this." He wheezed, handing her 
a wax sealed letter that had surely been finely 
arranged before its bearer had been knocked to the 
ground.
 
Helen savagely tore the seal and read the letter while 
still sitting on the messenger:
 
	Dearest Helen,
	 
	Do not despair! Though it is true that if you're 
	reading this I have given you the slip, you must 
	take solace in the fact that in my years of 
	activity you came the closest to capturing me. 
	Indeed, though it pains me to say it, it was only 
	by chance that I noticed the same beautiful woman 
	was walking nearby on Tuesday as had been trying on 
	hats on Sunday. I have no doubt that if you were 
	any less stunning your plan to catch me unaware 
	while I spoke with my tailor would certainly have 
	succeeded.

	Let this be a lesson to me, any place where a 
	gentlemen can be identified by frequenting the only 
	competent tailor is no place for me!
	
	I'm sure you have more pressing matters to attend 
	to at the moment so I will keep this brief, but I 
	look forward to working with you in the future.
	
	Yours Truly,
	
	Despereaux
	
	P.S. Do take it easy on the poor chap bearing this 
	letter, he thought he was assisting in a "prank" 
	and I'm sure he's second guessing if the whole 
	ordeal was worth the $5,000 I paid him.
	
"So, ha-ha, jokes over. Good times. When's our pick-up 
coming?"

Helen could only sigh despondently as she stood up off 
the man and pulled him to his feet.