Something wasn't right. It rolled over in bed to turn on the light. 
But found it's hand repelled from leaving the immediate area of the 
bed.

"Allow me." An arm reached out from the dark and turned on the light 
to reveal a carbon copy of the sleeper's face.

"Ah, it's been a while since this happened." it drawled as it peaked 
over the side of the bed to spot the iron bars encircling the bed. 
"I'm not the first to come reclaim his life?" the stranger in the 
dark asked with a light Irish brogue. "Of course not, we are 
immortal after all, I've replaced countless children over the 
millennia, slip-ups are bound to happen. And who can find the time 
to slip off the Ireland to check the seals every 5 years? When did 
you escape?"

"I crawled out of the cursed den 10 years ago. It took me 3 years to 
realize I wasn't insane, that those memories of rising out of a crib 
and floating off into the woods were real. It took me 3 years after 
that to piece together what had taken me and why, and from then 
until now to track you down."

"Impressive, usually when they escape the cocoon they just wander 
off aimless and confused, few ever actually find us or know why they 
were stored away."

"I know you locked me up down there so you could steal my life, but 
what I don't get is why you didn't just kill me. Wil-O'-the-Whisps, 
the dog riders, you Fay don't have a problem with killing, so why 
keep me alive when I can only make trouble for you?" "Fair question, 
the glamour only makes me into a copy of how you are, if I would 
have killed you when you were a child then when I replaced you I 
never would have aged. That tends to make integrating with society a 
bit difficult."

"Why replace me at all? You're immortal, you're powerful, why not 
just live your life out with the other Fay?" "Oh, but I do most of 
the time. I'd say I only spend 1/100th of my time replacing a human, 
all the rest I spend with the other Fay at court. The problem with 
your question is right there, 'Just live your life out'. I'm 
immortal you dolt, I'm not just marking time here until I rot and 
fall away like you sad little humans, I will walk these lands 
forever, long after your kind has whipped itself of Gaia's face. 
Decadent and fabulous as the Fay courts are one must leave them ever 
millennia or so to give something else a try. Variety is, as they 
say, the spice of life. I will have an infinite life, so I require 
quite a lot of spice."

"You ruined my life, made me spend 30 years locked in some damned 
hole ageing without living because you get BORED."
"It's not the most cruel way we amuse ourselves. If you didn't have 
an unusually high resistance to spells you never would have known 
the difference." "I never would have known ANYTHING!" "Potato, 
Potaato."

The human was fuming now "Well, it ends tonight! You're not 
going to steal anyone else's life while I can help it!" he 
brandished an iron fire poker that had been beaten until the end was 
passably pointy.

The changeling laughed. "Your lot never really does fully grasp it 
do they? IMMORTAL! I've been 'killed' with an iron rod oh, 30 times? 
Mostly pure accidents. It takes me a couple months to 
re-corporialize, but it's not all together unpleasant. Go ahead, 
stab me with your steely knives, but you just can't kill the beast." 
it sneered. 

The human smiled. "I thought that might be the case." and he swung 
the bar against the things head.

About an hour later the changeling started to stir. "I thought you'd 
done your homework, it has to go THROUGH me, not smack me upside the 
head" it muttered as it glanced around. "Why are we outside?" It 
tried to sit up but found its arms and legs were weighed down with 
iron.

"I lied earlier. I found you months ago. I just didn't know what to 
do with you. But then you answered that for me. You've done awfully 
well living my life. Beautiful wife, nice house, cushy job. You were 
even digging out the back yard for a new pool." The changeling 
started to look worried now as it looked around and saw that it was 
in the bottom of the pool hole in another, smaller, hole, inside 
what appeared to be a simple iron coffin.

"I almost didn't finish that in time. After all, the concrete truck 
is coming tomorrow to pour the foundation, who knows when the next 
chance this good will come?" the human smiled as he leaned on his 
shovel.

"I'll get out. I have all the time in the world to get out, and then 
you'll regret this!." "That's partly true. All the time in the 
world. I'll be long dead before you do though, and I'll have 
prevented two, maybe three generations of stolen lives. That's not a 
bad deal if you ask me, and I won't even be around to regret it."

"You'll never integrate, you don't know their stories, you don't 
know their lives, you don't even sound like me!" "A couple missed 
birthdays, some 'Hmm, oh yes that's right!'s, I'm a quick study. And 
like I said" suddenly all hint of Irish brogue fell from his speech 
and he adopted a southern drawl that sounded passably like the 
changeling. "I found you months ago. I haven't just been sitting 
around."

With that he kicked the door to the iron coffin closed, padlocked 
it, and began filling in the hole. Once the hole was filled and 
packed down, and he had spread the extra dirt out across the rest of 
the hole he climbed out and went into the... his house to take a 
shower. When he finished he went to the room where he had confronted 
the thing and flopped down onto the bed. Some hours later he heard a 
woman calling to him. "Bret honey, I just got home, are you ok? Your 
shoes are filthy and you're laying on my side of the bed."

"Don't worry honey." he breathed sleepily. "Every-thing's all right 
now. Everything's right."