"I assure you it is necessary." a whispery voice insisted as the door opened. 
Through it clanged the greatest warrior in the realm, Sandra "Lightning" Irons. 
If she had been born a man she would have been of average height, she didn't 
tower over anyone but she was still an intimidating sight clad as she was in 
her trademark full plate armour, with her longsword at her side.

"You and I have a very different definition of necessary Eimon."

"As you say Ma'am." the man whined, eyeing Sandra warily "But the point remains 
that women must wear earrings to a ball. If you want the nobles to aid your 
cause and lend you men you must approach them in a manner that puts them at 
ease."

"It's not their ease I'm worried about, it's mine. Have you ever seen someone 
with an infection? One of my men stepped on a nail while on patrol once, didn't 
think anything of it, one week later his foot is the size of his head, oozing 
puss and bile, he damn near lost use of the thing."

The attendant walked into the room busying herself preparing the lance, 
pretending not to hear this talk of festering wounds. She had been forewarned 
that her patient was the famous Sandra Irons, but even so she wasn't accustomed 
to operating on someone if full armour. But it was just as the stories said, 
she never took the stuff off in public lest the enemies she had made in her 
many campaigns launch an attack while she was, relatively, unprotected. Of 
course by the size of her armour even without it she would hardly be an easy 
mark. Still, the teaming legions that periodically spewed from the Great Gate 
were always followed by things in dark robes which lead sabotage against 
anything and everything that might impede their progress, and a legend like 
Sandra was a clear target.

"Yes, about that, earrings alone won't put the nobles at ease, perhaps you 
could save the stories of puss and bile for the camp-fire?"

Sandra frowned, it wasn't in her nature to deal with nobles and clergymen. 
Usually when she needed men she went to taverns and gatehouses instead of grand 
ballrooms. But she had only weeks to mount a force and make for the border if 
she was to make it to the Great Gate at the appointed time, and it took months 
to gather men two or three at a time, when a noble could simply say a word and 
hand over a purse to gather any man they desired.

"It may be as you say, but confound it do they want a warrior to protect the 
realm from the ravening horde or a preening little girl? That I should pretend 
I grew up like them, when everyone knows I spent half my life at the bellows or 
in the training yard, it's a farce." As Sandra had gained fame stories had 
spread about her childhood. They said she forged her first suit of armour on 
her fathers anvil at the age of 7, and refused to take the thing off until she 
had outgrown it. They also said that she forged her first blade at 8, and so 
clad simply showed up at the training grounds and demanded tutelage. It was a 
week before any of them realized she was a girl, but the boys kept their mouths 
shut for fear it would get out that a girl had been throwing them about the yard.

"Did you clean that lance?" the attendant jumped "Just now Ma'am, heated on the 
coals and washed in fresh water." "Well water or river water" "Well water of 
course." Sandra nodded her approval.

"About the selection..." the attendant said, bringing over a tray of earrings. 
"Why must I choose now?" "So that I can make a hole appropriately size for the 
earring, they come in all different sizes." "I'll take the one that needs the 
smallest hole." "But Sandra, a larger earring indicates a woman of higher 
status." Eimon cautioned. "Then thank the gods I was born to an armourer 
instead of a noble." The attendant looked to Eimon who nodded. 

The attendant took up her lance and turned to Sandra's helmeted head slightly 
befuddled. Sandra sheepishly removed her helm. She was quite comely despite 
what many had assumed due to her constantly wearing full armour and helm. Her 
face wasn't even marred by the scars so common to those in her trade, though it 
bore a few faint bruises from the battle a week prior that was the cause for 
celebration of the ball, and her nose was slightly crocked from being broken 
many times. Looking only at her face one might not even have guessed that she 
was a warrior, but look down at her neck and what little shoulder showed out of 
her armour and you would find the hard muscle of constant activity. It was her 
strength that let her earn the name "Lightning", so given for her speed on the 
battlefield. Many who wear full armour are slow and clambering, relying on 
their armour to protect them rather than attempting to avoid blows. Sandra on 
the other hand was strong as an ox due to constantly wearing her steel 
garments, and so could move as if she was wearing only cloth.

The attendant was fully prepared now, and looking to Sandra for permission to 
begin. "Well, lets get it over with." Sandra said as she swallowed. As the 
attendant moved in with the lance Sandra expectantly put her mailed hand out 
toward Eimon. He was a bit startled at first that the usually gruff Sandra was 
inviting contact but never the less he offered up his hand to be held. Sandra 
grasped it firmly as the attendant moved in with the needle, then squeezed it 
hard as her ear was punctured. Both Eimon and Sandra gasped, Eimon feebly tried 
to extricate his hand from Sandra's as the attendant moved to her other ear. 
One more hole, one more squeeze and two more gasps and the job was done, the 
attendant now held cloth to Sandra's ears as she instructed her in caring for 
her wound. Sandra was paying rapt attention, though she surely knew how to care 
for a wound already. Eimon had finally extricated his hand and was working it 
gingerly, trying to get the blood flowing again. 

Once her ear had stopped bleeding and Sandra had pocketed her pair of simple 
earrings the two made their way to the door. "Any other customs I should know 
about before we finish our errands?" Sandra asked her slight companion as he 
slowly stopped working his hand. "Just one last thing," he said as the door 
slammed behind them "there's the small matter of a dress."